# HackAdelphi-2021
Author: Omer Basar

Description:

This contains my chosen project for the Adelphi Hackathon in which I won 2nd place.

This project is essentially a text encrypter and decrypter program
that is joined together by a GUI implementation.

I utilize a GUI program/module called PySimpleGUI to create a GUI for my program.
The open source project for PySimpleGUI can be found with the following link.
https://pysimplegui.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

The encryption and decryption protocols were written entirely by myself.

The GUI implementation required me to reference some demo programs
created by PySimpleGUI which can be found from the following link.
https://github.com/PySimpleGUI/PySimpleGUI/blob/master/DemoPrograms/Demo_Column_Elem_Swap_Entire_Window.py

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Program Details

Welcome to the message encypter and decrypter program.

Upon launching the application, users will be greeted with a landing page and three buttons.

The encryption button will take you to the encryption page and ask you to type a message to encrypt.

Once you submit, an encrypted message in hexadecimal format will be outputted to the screen.

The decryption button will take you to the decryption page and ask you to input the encrypted hexadecimal message.

Once you submit, a decrypted message will be displayed on the screen.

Users can switch between the sections as many times as they would like.

The encryption and decryption programs also have a cancel button which will take you back to the landing page.

The last button is a quit button which will close the program

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
# Assumptions/Limitations
Only alphabetical letters from the english alphabet will be encrypted, other characters and symbols will be stripped during encryption.

Decryption will space out each decrypted character in a single line, meaning that punctuation and word formatting is not incorporated.

This program can only decrypt ciphers generated by the program itself.

